Tracing: Add option to map tag names to log label names in trace to logs settings (#45178)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/datasources/tempo.md

- **Data source -** Target data source.
- **Tags -** The tags that will be used in the Loki query. Default is `'cluster', 'hostname', 'namespace', 'pod'`.

> - **Map tag names -** Enables mapping Tempo tag names to Loki label names. For example, map `service.name` to `service`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Map tag names -** Maps the Tempo tag names to Loki label names. For example, map `service.name` to `service`.
```

Author: Given that 'Map tag names' is a toggle, would 'Enables ...' be the correct wording? This option doesn't actually do the mapping, it just turns it on/off.

Reviewer: How about: "When enabled, map the Tempo tag names to Loki label names. For example, map `service.name` to `service`."

Reviewer 2: I would mention that this is based on user configuration. To me, it reads a bit like tags are automatically mapped. For example, it could be: "When enabled, allows configuring how Tempo tag names are mapped to Loki label names. For example, map service.name to service."
